Docs: Improve README file with more details (#40)
datagouv/fr-format: README.md

# Fr-format

> The standard library `fr-format` has been developed for sharing validation functions between these two projects for now:
> 
> * [validata](https://gitlab.com/validata-table)
> * [csv-detective](https://github.com/datagouv/csv-detective)
> 
> It provides a collection of validators to check data against typical French formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard library `fr-format` provides a collection of validators to check data against typical French formats.

It has been initially developed for sharing validation functions between these two projects:

* [validata](https://gitlab.com/validata-table)
* [csv-detective](https://github.com/datagouv/csv-detective)
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Usage 

Reviewer: Move `## Available Formats` before `## Installation` section.

> **User story**
> 
> As a fr-format user, you want to validate a value according to a given French format. This allows you to easily check if the data provided by your project users is valid or not .
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Me semble redondant avec la phrase d'introduction.

## Usage 

**User story**

As a fr-format user, you want to validate a value according to a given French format. This allows you to easily check if the data provided by your project users is valid or not .

> Here's an example of how to use fr-format:

Reviewer 2: L'exemple n'est pas clair pour moi. Quel serait le cas d'usage ? D'où viennent les valeurs ? est-ce que je peux donner un CSV à fr-format et lui demander de vérifier si toutes les valeurs de ma colonne `departements` sont valides par rapport au format `departement` ?

Reviewer 2: Est-ce que ce cas d'usage n'est adressé que par CSV Detective ? est-ce que le rôle de Fr-format est juste d'être utilisé par d'autres logiciels, le end user est uniquement développeur ?

> As a `fr-format` user, specifically a developer, you may need to validate a value (which must be of type number(integer/float) or string) according to a given French format. This feature enables you to easily verify whether the data provided by your project users is valid or not.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a `fr-format` user, specifically a developer or data scientist, you may need to validate a value according to a given French format. This feature enables you to easily verify whether your data  is valid or not.\
```

> Additionally, this project allows you to retrieve the entire set of valid values, depending on the format and the version(if it exists) used. This can be particularly useful in your frontend, for example, to display the complete set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, this project allows you to retrieve the entire set of valid values when applicable. For example, this can be useful in a frontend to display the complete set (e.g. in a dropdown menu).
```
